Oops my good daughter daddy was wrong.
Dad can calm down now.
Dad must be thinking. This dad is unlucky.
Let me go. You are my biological daughter.
You also know that I am your biological daughter.
For money, you sent me to the car on Mu Sheng’s man’s bed,
Have you ever thought that I am your biological daughter?
I've been looking for it for so many years.
I have fantasized about what my dad looks like countless times.
But you made my fantasy disappear.
Let's go, I don't want to see him again.
daughter. daughter. daughter.
It's all you who oppressed me. come over.
Wife, why don’t you have a wedding?
I have found so many wedding letter companies
Let's travel and get married now
This is too superstitious. Is it because of this?
Two people will be happy forever
It’s the best feeling
No matter how supportive we are now
Live every day seriously
Two people live together
Just like a tandem bicycle
Just work together
We must not forget our original intention
Since the last time the security captain showed up
I discovered that the logistics department of our company
So my next step is to
Go to our company's grading staff
I won’t say hello for a moment this time.
Now I finally know
Why don't you mess with the customs?
Then when can I become a father and a wife?